{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\nouicompat\deflang1033\deflangfe1033\deftab709{\fonttbl{\f0\fswiss\fprq2\fcharset0 Verdana;}{\f1\froman\fprq2\fcharset0 Times New Roman;}{\f2\fnil Verdana;}}
{\colortbl ;\red255\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;}
{\*\generator Riched20 10.0.19041}{\*\mmathPr\mdispDef1\mwrapIndent1440 }\viewkind4\uc1 
\pard\nowidctlpar\cf1\kerning1\b\f0\fs20 Short Help File\cf0\b0\f1\par
\f0\par
\cf2\b Menus:\par
\cf0\b0\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\li720\b File / Open Hauptwerk Organ\'85\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\li1440\b0 If there is an edited & unsaved ODF currently loaded, offer to save it\par
first. Open an ODF, starting from the directory most recently used.\par
\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\li720\b File / Close ODF\'85\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\li1440\b0 If the current ODF has been edited but not saved, offer to save it.\par
Close the current ODF and reset AECHO to its startup-state.\par
\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\li720\b File / Save As\'85\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\li1440\b0 Save the loaded ODF back to a file. We recommend never overwriting\par
Your original ODF, save it with a new name instead.\par
\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\li720\b File / Print Descriptive Text\'85\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\li1440\b0 Open a standard Print Dialog to make a formatted printout of the contents\par
of the Descriptive Box (Section Descriptions, Section List, this Help Text).\par
\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\li720\b Exit\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\li1440\b0 Close AECHO. If there is an unsaved edited ODF loaded, offer to save it first.\par
\par
\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\li720\b Sections (1) 1-22\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\li1440\b0 Directly navigates to the named Section, positioning at its first character,\par
Displaying its first Record Row if present, and loading the Section\rquote s\par
Descriptive Text. Equivalent to double-clicking the Section\rquote s Title in the\par
Main window. Handles Section 1 (_General) through 22 (StopRank).\par
\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\li720\b Sections (2) 23-44\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\li1440\b0 Operates the same way as the other Sections Menu, except this choice\par
Presents Sections 22 (ReversiblePiston) through 44 \par
(RequiredInstallationPackage).\par
\par
\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\li720\b Edit Mode / ODF Editing Enabled\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\li1440\b0 ODF is read-only by default. Choosing this permits editing, and leaves this\par
Choice checked.\par
\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\li720\b Edit Mode / ODF Editing Disabled\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\li1440\b0 If editing is enabled, this choice reverts the ODF back to read-only.\par
\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\li720\b Edit Mode / List Sections\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\li1440\b0 Displays an ordered list of Sections in the Descriptive Text area, showing\par
for each Section its: Section Number; Starting Line; Ending Line; Starting\par
Character; Ending Character; and Name.\par
\par
\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\li720\b Tools / Clear Markers\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\li1440\b0 Clears any content from all 4 Marker buttons.\par
\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\li720\b Tools / Couplers (Encode/Decode)\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\li1440\b0 Opens a secondary window that can translate coupler codes into their\par
descriptions, or descriptions into the correct code.\par
\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\li720\b Tools / Trace a Sample\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\li1440\b0 Open a secondary window that will follow a SampleID, displaying all\par
Fields associated with the Sample (even Fields that are not explicitly\par
present in the ODF), and follow direct linkages to other key Sections\par
linked to this Sample, expanding all their Fields in the same\par
manner. When a Sample row is displayed in the XML Row/Record area,\par
AECHO presents a button that will automatically dispatch Trace-a-Sample\par
targeting the selected ODF row.\par
\par
\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\li720\b ? / View Help\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\li1440\b0 Attempts to display the HTML-based full Help content in the user\rquote s default\par
browser. If that content cannot be accessed, displays this text instead.\par
\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\li720\b ? / About AECHO\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\li1440\b0 Opens a form displaying the industry-standard \ldblquote About\rdblquote  information.\par
\par
\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\cf2\b Mouse Operations:\par
\cf0\b0\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\li720\b Single-click in the ODF:\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\li1440\b0 This will position the visible cursor to the point clicked, and update the\par
Line, Caret, and Row Data boxes. However, it does not change the current\par
Section, nor does it extract & analyze the Row.\par
\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\li720\b Double-click in the ODF:\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\li1440\b0 Performs all the operations of a single-click, and additionally: moves to the\par
New Section, if this Row is in a different Section; updates Section\par
Descriptive Text; if the caret is now positioned inside a Record-Row, bounded\par
By \ldblquote <o>\'85</o>\rdblquote  Tags, it highlights that entire Row, extracts it, and presents\par
All of its Fields in the XML Tags Panel.\par
\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\li720\b Select text in the ODF:\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\li1440\b0 Text can be selected with the mouse at any time, just as in your favorite text\par
editor. The selection can be copied (Ctrl-C), cut (Ctrl-X), and when editing is \par
enabled, Pasted over (Ctrl-V).\par
\par
\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\cf2\b Buttons:\par
\cf0\b0\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\li720\b Next Ln / Prev Ln:\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\li1440\b0 These two buttons move the caret to the beginning of the next or prior Line,\par
performing the equivalent of a double-click on the new Line position.\par
\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\li720\b >10 L / <10 L:\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\li1440\b0 These two buttons operate like their Next & Prev counterparts, but move the\par
caret 10 lines per click.\par
\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\li720\b >100 L / <100 L:\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\li1440\b0 Same as above, but 100 Lines per click.\par
\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\li720\b Marker 1 through Marker 4:\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\li1440\b0 Right-clicking on a Marker loads it with the Line-Number of the Line containing\par
the caret. No other context is altered by the right-click.\par
\par
Left-clicking on a set Marker relocates the caret to the beginning of the marked\par
Line, with the behavior of a single-click. If the Marker is not set, does nothing.\par
\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\li720\b Find First:\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\li1440\b0 Starting at the beginning of the ODF, searches for a match to the (non-empty) \par
text in the \ldblquote String to find:\rdblquote  box. This search is performed in a forward direction,\par
ending at the end of the ODF if the desired text is not found. If not found,\par
nothing is changed; if found, the located text is highlighted.\par
\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\li720\b Find Next >:\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\li1440\b0 Continues the search in the forward direction, starting 1 character to the right of\par
the first character of the previously found and selected text. If the caret has been\par
moved before initiating the Find Next, the search begins at the caret\rquote s current\par
position \endash  this allows initiating a search from any point in the ODF by clicking on\par
that location and then clicking Find Next. Ends at the end of the ODF (does not\par
wrap-around to the beginning.)\par
\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\li720\b < Find Prev:\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\li1440\b0 Similar to Find Next, but searches in the reverse direction, from the end of the last\par
successful search, or from the point of the caret if it has been moved since the\par
last Find. Ends at the beginning of the ODF (does not wrap-around to the end.)\par
\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\li720\b Set Desc. Font:\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\li1440\b0 Standardizes the font-name and font-size of the text currently displayed in the\par
Descriptive Text area, but retains any other characteristics, such as bolding,\par
Underlining, or coloration.\par
\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\li720\b Save Desc.:\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\li1440\b0 Saves the possibly edited text on display in the Descriptive Text area back to its\par
Original file. This allows the user to customize Section Descriptions. Notes:\par
AECHO prevents saving back the Help Text; user modifications are not\par
guaranteed to not be overwritten by installing / reinstalling / updating AECHO.\par
\par
\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\cf2\b Other Controls:\par
\cf0\b0\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\li720\b ODF Font Size:\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\li1440\b0 Dynamically resizes the text in the ODF display, from between 7 and 20 points.\par
Section Titles are set to 1 point larger than the body text, and are presented\par
in \cf2\b Bold-Blue\cf0\b0 . The default presentation size is 10 points.\par
\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\li720\b Display Image Button:\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\li1440\b0 When a Row containing a valid reference to an Image File is selected and analyzed,\par
AECHO presents the button \ldblquote Display Image\rdblquote  at the center-bottom of the Tags Panel.\par
Clicking this button retrieves the Image and displays it, overlaying the right-half\par
of the Tags Panel, and the Descriptive Text area. Clicking either on the displayed\par
image itself, or moving focus to another place, reverts the display to normal.\par
\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\li720\b Trace Sample Button:\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\li1440\b0 Similar to Display Image, when the analyzed Row contains a reference to a sound\par
Sample file, AECHO presents the button \ldblquote Trace Sample\rdblquote  at the center-bottom of\par
The Tags Panel. Clicking this button opens the Trace-a-Sample windows, passing\par
It a reference to the selected Sample, and removing the need to manually enter\par
a SampleID.\par
\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\li720\b Row Type:\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\li1440\b0 In the bottom-left corner of the main window, the left-side of the Status Bar, is the\par
Row Type indicator. This field reflects the type/purpose of the currently selected Row.\par
\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\li720\b ODF Modified from Saved Copy:\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\li1440\b0 Also on the left side of the Status Bar is an indicator that shows if the current ODF\par
Image has been edited, but not yet saved back to the file system. When there is no\par
ODF loaded, this indicator is colored orange. When an ODF is loaded, but is unmodified\par
since it was loaded or last saved, the indicator is green. When the loaded ODF has\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\li1440\tx5400 been changed, but has not been written back to the file system, it shows red.\par
\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\li1440\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\cf2\b Active Areas:\par
\cf0\b0\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\li720 The colored boxes found in the Data Panel that define the current location data will\par
execute a single-click to their location, as long as it is defined. If no location is\par
defined, the location box will take no action. Section Start / End will position to the \par
Sections first or last character; Line Number to the beginning of that line; Caret \par
Position to the retained position of the caret (useful if something else has removed \par
focus from the ODF and its blinking caret); Line Start / End to the respective locations \par
of the Line; Row Start / End to the beginning of the Line where the Row starts \par
(in front of the \ldblquote <o>\rdblquote  Tag), or the end of the Line where the Row ends (just after the \par
closing \ldblquote </o>\rdblquote  Tag. Rows are defined by their Start / End-Tags, and may contain any \par
number of Lines.\par
\par
Text may be freely selected and copied from the ODF, the XML Row/Record, the \par
String-to-Find box, and the Descriptive Text area. It may be always be pasted \par
and/or deleted from the String-to-Find box, and the Descriptive Text area. It may also \par
be deleted or pasted into the ODF when the user has enabled ODF Edit Mode.\par
\par
The ODF is scrollable, both vertically and horizontally: it never soft-wraps a Line, only\par
presenting a new Line when the underlying content has a hard-break. Line Numbers\par
will correspond one-to-one with those presented by common technical editors,\par
such as Notepad++.\par
\par
Text in the ODF display is UTF-8, and is read and written in that format. This allows\par
special language-specific characters to be inserted into the ODF i.e., umlauts and\par
accent marks.\kerning0\f2\par
}
 